{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww37060\viewh20180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A Look at this example
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs48 1.He is busy.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 2.He is learning English.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 3.He has a new book.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 4.He lives in the country.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 5.He will see you tomorrow.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 6.He can understand you.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \strike \strikec2 7.He must writes a letter.\strike0\striked0 \'a0He must write a letter.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 \strike \strikec2 8.He might come next week.\strike0\striked0 \'a0He may come next week.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 9.He does a lot of work every day.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 10.He did a lot of work yesterday.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 11.He played football yesterday.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 12.He bought a new coat last week.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \strike \strikec2 13.He had had a letter from Tom.
\f1\fs24 \strike0\striked0  
\f0\fs48 He has had a letter from Tom. (I have had a letter from Tom)
\f1\fs24  \

\f0\fs48 \strike \strikec2 14.He was busying this morning.\strike0\striked0 \'a0He was busy this morning.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 \strike \strikec2 15.He could plays football very well when he was younger.\strike0\striked0 \'a0He could play football very well when he was younger.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 \strike \strikec2 16.He always gets up early.
\f1\fs24 \strike0\striked0  
\f0\fs48 He always tries to get up early.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 17.He might see you next week.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 18.He always enjoys a good film.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 19.He had finished his work before you came.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 20.He watches television every night.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\

\f0\fs48 B Look at these example
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs48 1.There are some books on the desk.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 2.I drank a glass of beer.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 3.Do you want any butter?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 4.There aren\'92t any people in the street.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 5.Tom has just bought a new car.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 6.We have some apple trees in our garden.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \strike \strikec2 7.Can I have some bar of chocolate, please?
\f1\fs24 \strike0\striked0  
\f0\fs48 Can I have a bar of chocolate, please?
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 8.There isn\'92t any bread in that tin.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 9.Is there any ink in the bottle?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 10.Are there any eggs in that basket?
\f1\fs24 \
\
\

\f0\fs48 C
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs48 1.I haven\'92t got much butter.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 2.You haven\'92t got many cigarettes.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 3.We haven\'92t got much milk.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 4.She hasn\'92t got many biscuits.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 5.They haven\'92t got much stationery.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\

\f0\fs48 D
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs48 1.He bought a new car last year.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \strike \strikec2 2.She airs it this morning.
\f1\fs24 \strike0\striked0  
\f0\fs48 She aired it this morning.
\f1\fs24  \

\f0\fs48 \strike \strikec2 3.He loses his pen this morning.
\f1\fs24 \strike0\striked0  
\f0\fs48 He lost his pen this morning.
\f1\fs24  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 4.He had listened to the news yesterday.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs48 5.She had emptied it yesterday.
\f1\fs24 \
}